hey people has had a whole collection of
DVDs these are all like for film packs I
came and go through each one of them so
first one up here you can get all these
at like Walmart or I know target has
them for like 10 bucks just ten bucks
all for movies this one is the Batman
movies the original Tim Burton and other
ones they did the Batman legacy okay
there we go the next I got blade movies
all four all three and like the HBO
pilot it's more fitted for four packs so
here's the Lethal Weapon movies all four
Lethal Weapon movies in one single pack
that's perfect perfect and the size of
it makes it easy to the display you know
to store on your shelves the only thing
I'm sad about is there's no special
features at least most of them don't
have real special features here is the
oceans movie viet ocean's 11 12 and 13
and the original ocean's 11 from back in
the from back then then we got the chris
tucker collection it's all three of the
rush hour movies and money talks
if rush hour 4 comes out man and at the
binary said or whatever the matrix look
at that all all three Matrix movies and
the Animatrix all in one pack and
there's special features commentary and
trailers making of stuff yeah it's all
there this is my favorite all eight of
the original Freddy Krueger movies this
does not include the remake that
recently came out like last year yeah
that's all Freddy Krueger movies amazing
amazing and of course the original
Christopher Reeve Superman movies all in
one pack
beautiful so yeah if you're if you don't
have these movies this is a great way to
collect them right here one swoop and
there if you're go Target or like nine
dollars each if you go to Walmart like
$13 you go the Best Buy to like 13 so
there you go amazing
alright people I'll talk to guys later
bye-bye